## Help for Find Invoices

The default screen is for the Invoices tab is 'Find Invoices'. It is used to locate existing invoices that have been created automatically by the system or manually by the user. It can also be used to create a new Sales or Purchase Invoice.
- ### How do I view all invoices?
	- <li>Press the 'Search' button to view all invoices</li>
	-
- ### How do I locate an existing invoice?
	- <ol><li>Enter the 'Invoice ID' if known</li><li>Enter a word from the invoice description in the 'Description' field if known</li><li>Enter the 'Invoice Type' if known (NOTE: In most cases for a Sales Invoices this will be Company. For Purchase Invoice it will be the supplier party id)</li><li>Enter the 'From Party Id' if known</li><li>Enter the 'Billing Account Id' if known</li><li>Enter the invoice status in the 'Status Id' field if known</li><li>Enter the 'To Party Id' if known </li>(NOTE: In most cases for a Purchase Invoice this will be company. For Sales Invoices it will be the customer party id)<li>Press the 'Search' button to view all invoices</li><li>All invoices that meet the search criteria will be displayed.</li></ol>
	-
- ### How do I update an invoice?
- <ol><li>Locate the invoice using the 'Find Invoices' screen</li><li>sing the relevant sub menu make the required changes.</li></ol>
- ### How do I delete an invoice?
  
  Invoices cannot be deleted through the user interface. They can only be cancelled (eg if they have been entered or created by mistake).
- #+BEGIN_IMPORTANT
  They can probably be deleted using Entity Data Maintenance in the Webtools menu but this is not recommended for 2 reasons:
  1) It may cause data integrity problems.
  2) In case of audit it would be a problem.
  #+END_IMPORTANT
- ## Help for Invoice Overview
- The Invoice Overview screen is used to display the summary of an invoice in a single view. The screen is divided into sections that show various information related to the invoice (eg Roles, Status, Terms, Items, Payments Applied, etc).
- The following options are currently available from this screen:
- <ul><li>Create New (Create a new invoice)</li><li>Copy (Create a copy of the current invoice)</li><li>PDF (View a PDF of the current invoice)</li><li>PDF default currency</li>NOTE TO CHECK: Need to see how this is different from just the PDF view…​…​)<li>Status to 'Approved' (Change the status of the current invoice to 'Approved)</li><li>Status to 'Sent' (Change the status of the current invoice to 'Sent')</li><li>Status to 'Ready' (Change the status of the current invoice to 'Ready'.</li><li>NOTE: This will create the relevant accounting transactions and post them to the general ledger)</li><li>Status to 'Cancelled' (Change the status of the current invoice to 'Cancelled')</li><li>Save as Template</li>(NOTE TO CHECK: Save the current invoice format as a template)</ul>
- ### Help for Edit Invoice Header
- The Invoice Header screen is used to view or update details from the invoice header.
- Examples of the type of information that can be changed are Due Date, Description, Currency.
	- #### How do i update the header details for an invoice ?
	- <ol><li>Select the 'Header' sub menu and the header details of the invoice will be displayed</li><li>Update the fields required</li><li>Press the 'Update' button</li></ol>
- ### Help for New Invoice
- This screen allows the user to create a new Sales or Purchase Invoice.
  Sales Invoices are created when a customer buys something from you.
  Purchase Invoices are created when you buy something from a supplier.
	- #### How do i create a new sales invoices?
	- <ol><li>Press the 'Create New' button</li><li>The New Sales Invoice / New Purchase Invoice screen is displayed</li><li>Using the top part of the screen, leave Invoice type with its default of 'Sales Invoice'</li><li>Leave 'Organization Party Id' with its default of 'Company'</li><li>Enter or use the lookup to find the 'To Party Id' (eg DemoCustomer)</li><li>Press the 'Create' button in the top part of the screen</li><li>The invoice header has been created and the default header screen will be displayed</li><li>Details on the invoice will need to be entered via the other sub menus (eg Items, Time Entries etc)</li></ol>
	- #### How do i create a new Purchase invoice ?
	- <ol><li>Press the 'Create New' button</li><li>The New Sales Invoice / New Purchase Invoice screen is displayed</li><li>Using the bottom part of the screen, leave Invoice type with its default of 'Purchase Invoice'</li><li>Leave 'Organization Party Id' with its default of 'Company'</li><li>Enter or use the lookup to find the 'From Party Id' (eg DemoSupplier)</li><li>Press the 'Create' button in the bottom part of the screen</li><li>The invoice header has been created and the default header screen will be displayed</li><li>Details on the invoice will need to be entered via the other sub menus (eg Items, Time Entries etc)</li></ol>
- ### Help for Edit Invoice Applications
- The Invoice Applications sub menu is where payments that have been made (or received) can be linked or allocated to an invoice.
  The phrase 'applying' an amount to an invoice is often used to describe this.
- The screen is divided into 3 main areas as follows.
-
- <ul><li></li><li></li><li></li></ul>
- Payments Applied (which shows details of the total amount 'Applied' and the total amount 'Open'.
  Note that 'Open' here means outstanding)