- A Sales Order from the customer notifies the business of customer wants. It tells the business who is the customer, what are the products or services ordered, what is the payment term and method, what are the billing and shipping addresses, any special instructions for delivery, order priority etc.
- Sales Order document is created in the system with a unique reference number that comes in handy for better customer service afterward. It enables a business to offer the customer to have a choice to change ordered items. The customer also gets the details of the order which can be accessed through his profile on the storefront (eCommerce front) at any time if registered or else can use the order reference number while contacting the business for reporting any issues.
- Order status transitions help business to filter orders based on status (Created, Approved, Rejected, Completed etc.) Current order status tells the state of order in the system at any given time which is used effectively by CSRs while communicating with customers over the phone.
- Order payment terms and method tells the business how the order payment is going to be processed. It helps in timely fulfillment of orders, which is key to success for any business. Same is with billing and shipping information on the order, it tells the business which address to be used for invoicing and which one for shipping. Having an effective order capturing process helps to engage your customers.
- The Accounting manager keeps track of financial charges, credit card processes, and receipts of payment. The link from the Order Manager to the Accounting Manager is the Invoice Number
- A customer always provide shipping method details to let the business know about his shipping preference to ship the order and in other ends, CSR always captures shipping method along with special instructions for delivery.